Anton confesses to Aina, they end up doing a drinking contest with Olivier and Schera
https://youtu.be/UZDiiTP3OYE?si=d7vpzdzxfp_yfZ6W&t=1068

Loewe's speech to Agate after their second fight
https://youtu.be/VQh9bJnBW3o?si=0yGaqxhTowa3kqQK&t=1456

Tita protects Agate
https://youtu.be/VQh9bJnBW3o?si=7VUOX4u-lRhYBBqG&t=1768

Tita helps Agate move on
https://youtu.be/gCDKNzorTOc?si=cEmKqglq3TNi0bPq&t=1469

Agate frees Ragnard from his seal
https://youtu.be/o6n8z8Q0eaQ?si=nrzj6CBiam_blp3_&t=3251

Loewe pays his respect
https://youtu.be/o6n8z8Q0eaQ?si=BwXXNJiTlaUTrN-Z&t=4415

Joshua infiltrate Ouroboros
https://youtu.be/AiYcr-GVrbw?si=UUn0FIqsS3YArp9G&t=705

Estelle reminisces about the past at the lodge and plays the harmonica
https://youtu.be/nvPLCM_mdlU?si=e93kLlimdP9_uVju&t=1269

Estelle gets kidnapped by Ouroboros and Glorious's reveal
https://youtu.be/Mun4H6JLkGg?si=L5oNSmkmWENpTXUt&t=1411

Estelle meets with Weissman on the Glorious
https://youtu.be/Mun4H6JLkGg?si=6LEWFg5d1xmc40ft&t=2132

Loewe tells Estelle about Hamel and Karin
https://youtu.be/Mun4H6JLkGg?si=2JFOtqDvEYsowqHp&t=2695

I finally found you, Joshua. I finally reached you
https://youtu.be/LUkSUFB_Fko?si=0IrFrtXC6SF8808-&t=2343

"Joshua... You damn fool of a son of mine... Welcome home"
https://youtu.be/mBAc86uZuG0?si=EFID5JbaHlbYPP47&t=826

The Liberl Ark appears
https://youtu.be/B_l3cde9tp8?si=SlGeDrPkXs6j7B-M&t=4299

Cid and Richard save Kloe and the Queen from Ouroboros
https://youtu.be/eo2YCllxhNg?si=W-SlIpb5CsNzbpTC&t=691

Olivier's reveal and declaration to Zech
https://youtu.be/eo2YCllxhNg?si=qAawz4AQmE_I5OjE&t=3106

Battle in the sky ! The Arseille is forced to land on the Liberl Ark
https://youtu.be/dIZ_nYGgRDk?si=JM3zlf1x2Sz40CvR&t=725

Zin vs Walter, their past and conflict resolved through their fist
https://youtu.be/KHzJ1wMm52k?si=v5iHPFTF7RPYJCgx&t=1219

Luciola tells her past and disappears from Schera's life
https://youtu.be/KHzJ1wMm52k?si=s9rKI5gXAV5TPyXp&t=2101

Estelle and Renne
https://youtu.be/KHzJ1wMm52k?si=RTeKDpZULOkBLcO9&t=3115

"People are never powerless as long as they are together!"
https://youtu.be/hb2E60ETbyA?si=T4NFV2srFyFbidFN&t=580

Weissman orders Joshua to kill Estelle
https://youtu.be/hb2E60ETbyA?si=9s-HsWEhBWT8bHA4&t=3314

"You knocked me out from behind. That is an insult the bladelord cannot abide"
https://youtu.be/VUGHNBWND58?si=6TnlIKm2Th6oYZ7Z&t=473

At least I finally understand why Karin could smile like that at the end...
https://youtu.be/VUGHNBWND58?si=LFheBJ4CJvAjgq8w&t=1441

Weissman meets his demise at the hand of Kevin
https://youtu.be/VUGHNBWND58?si=2K_8StU-eVMczvYf&t=1863

"Can I ask two favors ?"
https://youtu.be/VUGHNBWND58?si=jKowoJl2Y8qVqIV5&t=2459

I swear...
https://youtu.be/VUGHNBWND58?si=Itr-8ylwKsjrLpKi

The end of a journey, the beginning of a new one
https://youtu.be/VUGHNBWND58?si=3GfXsywhZN3aZ-mf&t=3786

Kevin gets back the Fool's locket and takes down Conrad for the Gralsritter
https://youtu.be/6DPMMsZ8XiQ?si=ASH2UMMcrae4A-On&t=1250

The recluse cube's reawakening
https://youtu.be/Tayvm11dqo4?si=YInyGfoyMlDs2hhw&t=1486

Kevin and Ries enters Phantasma
https://youtu.be/Tayvm11dqo4?si=XwKriSEPnFwAmoD0&t=2757

Tita talks about how she wants to help Renne to her dad
https://youtu.be/0gXeHxa4fIw?si=5Snm8Jwwbe00MNnv&t=3377

Kevin meets the Argent sisters
https://youtu.be/-It8WA0a29k?si=hx8zBS3UW5fSw7_K&t=263

Julia opens up to Mueller
https://youtu.be/-It8WA0a29k?si=NPqkc8FNvd1Kcbdb&t=2930

Julia comes to terms with her wish of serving Kloe
https://youtu.be/-It8WA0a29k?si=1O77Q1iUg2g0lPom&t=3730

Kloe confesses to Joshua and helps him finds motivation before leaving Liberl
https://youtu.be/ZAqOfMBs-6A?si=aOM0SFc3hmJU8Fkr&t=4312

Discovery of the salt pale inside of the second door in Phantasma
https://youtu.be/811OrPlJouc?si=S4FHbnYo6kL4SGFQ&t=166

The capua's family backstory and how they lost their home
https://youtu.be/811OrPlJouc?si=PW1e6ETxt-TzE_Kj&t=1393

Ries sees through Kevin's lies
https://youtu.be/FHqCdf6zKCk?si=cvw-SqShVlpPd6L2&t=1311

Kilika decides to go back to Calvard after getting a final push from Zin
https://youtu.be/FHqCdf6zKCk?si=Gj3bUITrhMiIVVm4&t=2651

Kloe thanks Lechter for the advices he gave her
https://youtu.be/4hqSpBj2QKw?si=hoyeIv9R1ilzzDf7&t=3148

Anelace receives Cassius' sword
https://youtu.be/jMUWhjH2GcI?si=K9Ig2X8eRn_NpUhz&t=2638

Schera tells how she grew up to Aina
https://youtu.be/XLxsggiPa3g?si=9rkoYRgAPwTHEdVE&t=100

Schera and Aina become friend and have their first drink together
https://youtu.be/XLxsggiPa3g?si=U8pHuNrLo-

Deen, Rais and Rocco become junior bracors
https://youtu.be/ySDTQ2seDrY?si=-AFGWRcSPdQZRp_b&t=2536

Kevin unveils his stigma to save Ries
https://youtu.be/ySDTQ2seDrY?si=HZRBJyZT6bH-at5v&t=3108

Kevin becomes the fifth dominion after Rufina's death
https://youtu.be/xmHX6LBzfuI?si=3X37MAI06Qz5olXn&t=14

"You amaze me more than any bug ever will"
https://youtu.be/XrRlzI99rCk?si=ZpKzX3iGpWyoL1nO&t=3093

